Add three new theorems regarding countable pi-character (#1791)
pi-base/data: theorems/T000902.md

---
uid: T000902
if:
  and:
  - P000244: true
  - P000026: true
then:
  P000243: true
refs:
  - zb: "0559.54003"
    name: Cardinal functions I (R. Hodel), Ch. 1 of Handbook of set-theoretic topology
---

Let $X = \{x_n: n \in \mathbb{N}\}$ be dense and, for each $p \in X$, $\{V_n(p): n \in \mathbb{N}\}$ be a countable local $\pi$-base for $p$. Then $\{V_n(x_m): n, m \in \mathbb{N}\}$ is a countable (global) $\pi$-base.

> To see this, if $O$ is open, then there is some $m$ so that $x_m \in O$ by hypothesis, and so there is $n$ where $V_n(x_m) \subseteq O$, as desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let $A$ be a dense subset of $X$.
For each $x\in A$, let $\mathcal V_x$ be a countable local $\pi$-base for $x$.
Then $\bigcup\{\mathcal V_x:x\in A\}$ is a countable (global) $\pi$-base.

To see this, if $O$ is a nonempty open set, there is some $x\in A\cap O$. Hence $O$ contains some $V\in\mathcal V_x$.
```
We normally implicitly use $X$ for the whole space. See https://github.com/pi-base/data/wiki/Conventions-and-Style.

Also made things shorter, maybe easier to read.

---
uid: T000902
if:
  and:
  - P000244: true
  - P000026: true
then:
  P000243: true
refs:
  - zb: "0559.54003"
    name: Cardinal functions I (R. Hodel), Ch. 1 of Handbook of set-theoretic topology
---

> Let $A$ be a dense subset of $X$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let $A$ be a countable dense subset of $X$.
```
